feat: add support for URLRewrite filter and refactor GWAPI translator (#819)
envoyproxy/gateway: docs/latest/user/http-urlrewrite.md

Querying `http://${GATEWAY_HOST}:8080/get/origin/path` should rewrite into `http://${GATEWAY_HOST}:8080/replace/origin/path`.

```console
$ curl -L -vvv --header "Host: path.rewrite.example" "http://${GATEWAY_HOST}:8080/get/origin/path"
...
> GET /get/origin/path HTTP/1.1
> Host: path.rewrite.example
> User-Agent: curl/7.85.0
> Accept: */*
> 

< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< content-type: application/json
< x-content-type-options: nosniff
< date: Wed, 21 Dec 2022 11:03:28 GMT
< content-length: 503
< x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 0
< server: envoy
< 
{
 "path": "/replace/origin/path",
 "host": "path.rewrite.example",
 "method": "GET",
 "proto": "HTTP/1.1",
 "headers": {
  "Accept": [
   "*/*"
  ],
  "User-Agent": [
   "curl/7.85.0"
  ],
  "X-Envoy-Expected-Rq-Timeout-Ms": [
   "15000"
  ],
  "X-Envoy-Original-Path": [
   "/get/origin/path"
  ],
  "X-Forwarded-Proto": [
   "http"
  ],
  "X-Request-Id": [
   "fd84b842-9937-4fb5-83c7-61470d854b90"
  ]
 },
 "namespace": "default",
 "ingress": "",
 "service": "",
 "pod": "backend-6fdd4b9bd8-8vlc5"
...
```

You can see that the `X-Envoy-Original-Path` is `/get/origin/path`, but the actual path is `/replace/origin/path`.

## Rewrite URL Full Path

> You can configure to rewrite the fullpath in the url like below. In this example, any curls to `http://${GATEWAY_HOST}:8080/get/origin/path/xxxx` will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure to rewrite the fullpath in the url like below. In this example, any request sent to `http://${GATEWAY_HOST}:8080/get/origin/path/xxxx` will be
```

> rewrite to `http://${GATEWAY_HOST}:8080/force/replace/fullpath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rewritten to `http://${GATEWAY_HOST}:8080/force/replace/fullpath`.
```

```console
$ curl -L -vvv --header "Host: path.rewrite.example" "http://${GATEWAY_HOST}:8080/get/origin/path/extra"
...
> GET /get/origin/path/extra HTTP/1.1
> Host: path.rewrite.example
> User-Agent: curl/7.85.0
> Accept: */*
> 
* Mark bundle as not supporting multiuse
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< content-type: application/json
< x-content-type-options: nosniff
< date: Wed, 21 Dec 2022 11:09:31 GMT
< content-length: 512
< x-envoy-upstream-service-time: 0
< server: envoy
< 
{
 "path": "/force/replace/fullpath",
 "host": "path.rewrite.example",
 "method": "GET",
 "proto": "HTTP/1.1",
 "headers": {
  "Accept": [
   "*/*"
  ],
  "User-Agent": [
   "curl/7.85.0"
  ],
  "X-Envoy-Expected-Rq-Timeout-Ms": [
   "15000"
  ],
  "X-Envoy-Original-Path": [
   "/get/origin/path/extra"
  ],
  "X-Forwarded-Proto": [
   "http"
  ],
  "X-Request-Id": [
   "8ab774d6-9ffa-4faa-abbb-f45b0db00895"
  ]
 },
 "namespace": "default",
 "ingress": "",
 "service": "",
 "pod": "backend-6fdd4b9bd8-8vlc5"
...
```

You can see that the `X-Envoy-Original-Path` is `/get/origin/path/extra`, but the actual path is `/force/replace/fullpath`.

## Rewrite Host Name

> You can configure to rewrite the hostname like below. In this example, any curls to `http://${GATEWAY_HOST}:8080/get` with `--header "Host: path.rewrite.example"` will rewrite host into `envoygateway.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure to rewrite the hostname like below. In this example, any requests sent to `http://${GATEWAY_HOST}:8080/get` with `--header "Host: path.rewrite.example"` will rewrite host into `envoygateway.io`.
```
